everyone i'm john from fast films and
today we're going to discuss a 2019
horror thriller film called the furies
the film opens in a gloomy jungle where
a woman is being chased by a
blood-spattered axe-wielding masked man
while she's running her leg hits a
broken tree branch and she falls
the terrified girl shivers as the masked
man approaches her slowly however a man
jumps at him out of nowhere the two
start fighting after an intense fight
the second man manages to cut out his
lungs with an axe
he then kidnaps the woman as she falls
unconscious in the next scene we see two
best friends kayla and maddie spray
painting a wall near down street in the
dark of the night as they paint the two
talk about their fears the discussion
turns into an argument when mattie
claims to be kayla's babysitter which
greatly offends her kayla cries and
heads home meanwhile maddie is captured
by a masked man and she starts screaming
kayla's name for help kayla runs towards
the voice but isn't able to find her
it's almost dusk now kayla is trapped in
a box that has some sort of a noisy
siren which is making her go insane
kayla somehow manages to pull herself
out of the box and realizes that her
eyes are bleeding she's still unsure
about maddie and continues her search
walking all alone in the jungle while
looking for her kayla finds a man's
corpse she panics and starts screaming
for help suddenly two other girls grab
her from behind and tell her to remain
silent and hide the girls introduce
themselves as alice and sheena they ask
her whether or not she had her phone
with her
kayla in a state of stress and fear runs
off
alice and sheena decide to follow her
kayla goes back to the place where she
had been trapped and start searching for
her things but there's nothing there
except for the box itself
she sits on the mud and a few minutes
later passes out
once she awakens she starts talking
about her illness epilepsy and starts
looking for her pills
meanwhile the masked man carrying a
giant axe is seen walking towards them
alice and kayla decide to stick together
and begin to follow sheena's tracks
while trying to look for a way out of
that hell hole they come across another
box the same as theirs
every box has a label on it the label on
this box says beast six on their left
side they discover the masked man
holding the axe tightly in both his
hands
for a moment alice and kayla freeze they
slowly move behind the box to hide the
masked man begins walking towards them
alice and kayla can hear his heavy
footsteps just in time alice throws a
wooden branch towards him kayla starts
having a seizure which terrifies alice
after this kayla goes unconscious again
alice leaves kayla there and tries to
save herself she starts running as fast
as she can as the masked man chases her
suddenly the masked man throws his axe
at her but he misses and the axe hits a
tree in front of her alice tries to take
the axe to defend herself but the masked
man strikes her in the face with his axe
and peels off her skin killing her on
the spot
kayla opens her eyes and rushes to find
alice but she discovers her corpse
instead she then starts trying to find a
way out all she sees is barren land with
the scorching heat of the sun
she walks and runs but the land is never
ending all of a sudden she hears a
similar siren from somewhere ahead
the siren starts to make her go mad she
hears the screams of another girl who's
being chased by the same masked man
as she begs for help the man throws his
axe at her which hits her right in the
back
the man then pulls his axe from her back
kayla tries to stop him from killing her
but surprisingly he waves at kayla
suddenly another masked man appears and
starts to barbarically fight the first
one
kayla sees the opportunity to save the
girl she gently helps her up during this
time the second man kills the first
kayla hides the other girl in an open
tree wrap and covers it with dry grass
she tells her to stay undercover while
she gets some help however her blood
drops lead the masked man towards her
and he drags her away
as kayla is desperately running around
in the jungle looking for help the
masked man drags the girl to a tree and
drops her he then forcefully ties both
her hands around the tree until her arms
break off
kayla runs into another man with a sheet
mask she fights him back bravely but he
blows his face off
she runs back for the girl but only
finds her mutilated corpse
kayla realizes she's on her own now she
continues to walk holding the axe in her
hands she comes across a place with some
old abandoned houses she enters one of
them and finds dangerous weaponries
inside she feels a presence around her
and impulsively attacks however it is
revealed that she accidentally killed a
harmless girl
subsequently sheena enters the house
with a girl named rose kayla tries to
explain that what happened was not her
fault it was an accident sheena nears
kayla takes the axe out of her hands and
asks rose to stay there as she leaves
the house
kayla develops another epilepsy attack
kayla dreams about maddie while she's
unconscious when she opens up her eyes
she finds rose beside her
rose is scared and upset since she's
feeling like she's left all alone
kayla tells rose that she's not alone
and shares her dream about maddie with
her rose interrupts kayla and tells her
about a dream which was quite similar to
kayla's kayla pieces together that
they're a part of some dangerous game
she comes to the conclusion that someone
has planned all this she stands up and
extracts the left eye of the girl she
accidentally killed what she sees is
quite fascinating the eye is covered
with electric wires
she holds rose tightly and stares
straight into her eyes she says that
they're being monitored rose however
thinks kayla has gone insane a terrified
sheena rushes into the house and closes
the door rose boosts up with hope as she
sees sheena sheena sees the eye on the
floor which kayla had taken out from her
friend's body and freaks out she starts
screaming at kayla who tries to tell her
that they're being watched by some
people
she tries to explain to her the whole
idea regarding the game and shows her
the wired eye
sheena thus also realizes what it's all
about meanwhile the masked man comes
near the house and moves in their
direction
the three hide as fast as they can the
man scratches the walls with a knife
while walking the terrified girls watch
from their places of hiding as the man
enters the house he slowly searches the
place rose panics the man discovers her
and brutally drags her away by her hair
kayla screams and calls to sheena kayla
attacks the man fearlessly with a thick
wooden stick while sheena throws an axe
at him the man pulls himself together
and fights back both kayla and sheena
fight him together quite shockingly the
man runs away sheena starts wondering
why he left kayla tells her about the
sheep masked man who blew himself off
they all realize that a girl can only be
saved with her protector each player has
a masked man as her protector and only
one girl will win along with her
protector as everything seems to be
clear now sheena narcissistically stares
at kayla and rose kayla realizes
sheena's intentions she holds rose's
hand and makes her way out to another
house rose seems to be scared while
kayla takes an oath and promises she
won't harm her kayla tells rose that
sheena wants to kill them as it's a lot
easier for her to kill both of them
rather than the masked men
kayla and rose decide to help each other
kayla hits the lower side of the wooden
walls for a way out
she crawls her way out of it rose tries
to apply the same strategy as kayla's
kayla holds an axe and moves forward
rose gets stuck between some wires she
calls out for kayla's help but two
masked men start chasing them
the man arrives by the door and grabs
rose's legs on the other side kayla is
trying to pull rose out to her
kayla tries to switch her side and
enters the room from the front
she attacks the man furiously with an
axe but the man pushes her to the floor
meanwhile rose attacks him from behind
both kayla and rose fight off the beast
and decapitate him just in time it is
revealed that another masked man is
watching this whole scene
he arrives after watching kayla go wild
and screams in anger kayla and rose see
sheena through the window who's passing
by the house while holding an axe
kayla also starts following her steadily
it is revealed that sheena wants to kill
everyone to save herself
sheena tries to kill maddie but kayla
stops her from behind she tries to tell
her that she'll be needing backup and
cover
sheena however turns out to be greedy
she knows that they're playing by the
rule kill or be killed kayla's protector
arrives and throws his axe straight at
sheena's head instantly killing her
meanwhile rose is captured by sheena's
protector rose calls out to kayla for
help kayla talks to her protector but
eventually stabs him right through his
heart with an axe to save her friends
rose is held by her neck she tries to
fight back but the man stabs her in the
hand
however rose doesn't give up this time
she pulls the knife from her hand and
attacks him after this she goes to kayla
kayla and rose decide to look for maddie
kayla holds rose's hand and writes
something on it just then another masked
man starts following them kayla
desperately looks for maddie and luckily
finds her under an old hut for a moment
kayla thinks that they made it and
they're safe now but rose is offended
after seeing them together
she starts talking nonsense claiming
that kayla is selfish and she killed all
the other girls just to save maddie's
life
subsequently another masked man maddy's
protector arrives with the same giant
axe kayla stands up for everyone but
unfortunately has a seizure rose is
aware of the fact that the man is
maddie's protector thus piecing together
that if she kills maddie she and kayla
can survive
kayla opens up her eyes to find maddie's
corpse by her side
she cries and screams at rose over
killing maddie rose responds by saying
that she was only saving kayla rose
leaves kayla there and decides to
proceed on her own kayla with a heavy
heart stands up and walks by the sides
of trees
kayla forcefully gouges one of her eyes
she breaks the siren which makes
everyone believe that she died somewhere
alone in the jungle
this whole framed act makes rose the
winner thus rose survives later a man on
a chair is seen watching this recorded
game
the video gets stuck somewhere in the
middle which infuriates him he makes a
call using his phone kayla emerges from
the back wearing sunglasses she ties the
man to his chair and starts
interrogating him the man claims that he
doesn't know anything about the game
kayla demands to know where he got the
recording from he tells her that he was
trying to contact someone called mike
william he received all the recordings
from him he says kayla sees maddie's
ghost and communicates with her she then
pulls a knife from her bag and kills the
man slowly torturously
with this the movie ends thanks for
watching guys